pages/about.md, before:

---
title: About
layout: about
permalink: /about.html
# include CollectionBuilder info at bottom
credits: true
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---

{% include feature/jumbotron.html objectid="coll0019" %}

{% include feature/nav-menu.html sections="About the Collection;About the About Page" %}

## About the Collection

Credits: This site is generated using [CollectionBuilder-GH](https://collectionbuilding.github.io/gh/), a project to create a free and simple digital collection using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) from: 

- a CSV of collection metadata
- a folder of JPG images or PDF documents

The template repository features four objects from the University of Idaho Library's [Digital Collections](https://www.lib.uidaho.edu/digital). 

For full details of creating your own collection site, visit [CollectionBuilder Documentation](https://collectionbuilder.github.io/cb-docs/)!

<!-- IMPORTANT!!! DELETE this comment and the include below when you are finished editing this page for your collection. The include below introduces about page features. They will show up on your collection's about page until you delete it.  -->

Commit message:

added collection description and use description

pages/about.md, after:

---
title: About
layout: about
permalink: /about.html
# include CollectionBuilder info at bottom
credits: true
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---

{% include feature/jumbotron.html objectid="coll0019" %}

{% include feature/nav-menu.html sections="About the Collection;About the About Page" %}

## About the Collection

Collection Description:

This digital library is a collection of family food recipes. My wife and I have favorite recipes from our childhoods and recipes that we have discovered together. The format of these recipes vary. Some are saved in a recipe app we use called Paprika, some are paper printouts and old recipe cards. The collection will not include all recipes but will select the twenty favorites for the initial establishment. Recipe text will be stored in PDF format and recipe images will be stored as JPEG files. Recipes originally stored in the Paprika app have been exported to PDF files for storage in the library. Images are stored as JPEG files because this is a universally accessible image format. These images were converted from the High Efficiency Image Codec (HEIC) because that format is not as widely supported. I hope to build this collection in the future as new favorites are discovered, or extended family contribute their own favorites for me to catalog.

The goal of this project is to collect our culinary heritage in one location and maintain the collection in the future.


User Description:

The user group will be extended family. Of course, we all love food, but we have not had a central location to store, retrieve, or share favorites. Ideally, the collection will evolve as other family members contribute their favorites.

User needs have primarily influenced the metadata fields I have selected to include. For example, knowing which family a recipe comes from (e.g. mine or my wife’s) is not necessary to make the recipe, but it enriches the context of the object. Enriching the experience is, to me, one of the primary purposes of metadata.


Credits: This site is generated using [CollectionBuilder-GH](https://collectionbuilding.github.io/gh/), a project to create a free and simple digital collection using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) from: 

- a CSV of collection metadata
- a folder of JPG images or PDF documents

The template repository features four objects from the University of Idaho Library's [Digital Collections](https://www.lib.uidaho.edu/digital). 

For full details of creating your own collection site, visit [CollectionBuilder Documentation](https://collectionbuilder.github.io/cb-docs/)!

<!-- IMPORTANT!!! DELETE this comment and the include below when you are finished editing this page for your collection. The include below introduces about page features. They will show up on your collection's about page until you delete it.  -->
